okay um I've heard this in the paper the
other day and i thought i should share
it everybody there are these little
caterpillars look now they're called the
white Hickory to suck moth caterpillar I
hope I'm pronouncing that all right
probably not but if you don't believe me
go check out snoops com there it's under
horrors insects ought to suck you'll see
yeah black and white castle anyway these
little buggers are showing up everywhere
from Nova Scotia to ontario canada and
from the northeast to the south central
part of the united states they make
their appearance between june and
September and they like to munch away on
decision asst treats they like anything
that has a nut on it um but they will
settle for willow ash Aspen apple and
oak trees they like raspberry bushes and
corn stalks um now the thing is that it
may cause temporary damage so Leafs on
these plants um it doesn't actually
caused any lasting damage um however if
you or your pet or your children or
instead are come in contact with these
little caterpillars you can end up
getting um a burning itchy rash of mild
to moderate severity and the reason
behind this is their little hairs on the
caterpillars um they have barbs on them
so it's like it's like almost getting um
like brushing up against a cactus or a
needle plant or something like that what
it is is they face stick in the skin and
they just they cause of an irritation
now they're they refer to these
caterpillars as venomous but it's more
of a it's the same as getting like barb
seeing you from plants and stuff I don't
think are actually venomous they're just
irritating to the skin so if you end up
accidentally touching one of these
things these little black boy
caterpillars just wash the affected area
with soap and water then apply a
calamine or ammonia lotion followed by
applying ice to the area and you should
be okay now if you're like me and you
have a hypersensitivity to all things on
four legs or more um I'm allergic to
like a lot of bugs and so anyway if
you're like me you could end up with
more than just the itchy rash you could
end up with swelling and nausea now if
this is the case please go see your
doctor as soon as possible they don't
actually classify it as an emergency but
you should go see a health care
professional um as soon as possible so
basically use your best judgment if
you're having difficulty breathing
obviously go to the emergency room but
for most people you're just going to end
up with an itchy rash and you should be
able to handle it by applying calamine
lotion and ice packs to the area so
that's it um keep an eye out for these
little black and white caterpillars
don't let your pets eat them or play
with them don't let your kids eat them
either but um you know you should best
judgment alright so that's it for the
day as always thank you for watching and
I'll talk to you guys later